in Nizhny Novgorod a dozen people
tried to save
yard cat he wanted to climb the basement but
stuck in a very small gap under
by stairs
but it would seem to get the poor fellow just
impossible right during the rescue
operations the animal was exhausted and ceased
resist but as our found out
correspondent Sergey Tyurin
this cat has really many lives
porch favorite lies in a pool of blood
around the shreds of muzzle fur
one can see the first thought of some tenants
the monsters beheaded the unfortunate animal
can take attention then I have not heard
but soon it turns out the head is intact just
out of curiosity or from hunger poor fellow
put his nose in the wrong place
apparently the cat chased the prey
however, lunch escaped the pursuer
in the basement, the predator thrust itself into a narrow crack under
the ladder stuck remains only
guess what felt like poor
animal when his body was wrapped in
a rag and a red-hot sprinkled on his neck
concrete crumb
suddenly the code stops breaking free
tenants they are forced to take a break a
some are ready to deliver
body point rescue operations
the animal is removed from the trap code is not
gives no sign of life yet
after a few seconds makes his
the first after inhalation inhale the eyes
open until open but come on
miracle despite happy ending
residents of the entrance, too, barely holding back
tears now they have to put
animals on their feet to help them in this seems
all the inhabitants of the house are going to a hole in
basement local janitor promised to seal
Sergey Tyurin emergency call
and once again I want to say that everything is with the cat
ok he is alive and well and has already come in
myself